Clarify that canister modules can be compressed (#102)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.adoc

NOTE: Some canisters may not be able to make sense of callbacks after upgrades; these should be stopped first, to wait for all outstanding callbacks that are not marked as deleted, or be uninstalled first, to prevent outstanding callbacks from being invoked (by marking the corresponding call contexts as deleted). It is expected that the canister admin (or their tooling) does that separately.

The `wasm_module` field specifies the canister module to be installed.
The system supports multiple encodings of the `wasm_module` field, as described in <<canister-module-format>>:

  * If the `wasm_module` starts with byte sequence `[0x00, 'a', 's', 'm']`,  the system parses `wasm_module` as a raw WebAssembly binary.

>   * If the `wasm_module` starts with byte sequence `[0x1f, 0x8b, 0x08]`, the system parses `wasm_module` as a gzipped WebAssembly binary.

Reviewer: minor suggestion

```suggestion
  * If the `wasm_module` starts with byte sequence `[0x1f, 0x8b, 0x08]`, the system parses `wasm_module` as a gzip-compressed WebAssembly binary.
```
